fix(profiling): add installation to profiling-node (#6383)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/node/common/profiling/index.mdx

</Note>

For the Profiling integration to work, you must have the Sentry Node SDK package (minimum version 7.x) installed.

## Installation

```bash
# Using yarn
yarn add @sentry/node @sentry/tracing @sentry/profiling-node

# Using npm
npm install --save @sentry/node @sentry/tracing @sentry/profiling-node
```

> ## Enabling profiling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enabling Profiling
```

> In order to enable profiling, import @sentry/profiling-node and add ProfilingIntegration to your integrations. it is important that @sentry/profiling-node is imported after @sentry/tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable profiling, import @sentry/profiling-node and add ProfilingIntegration to your integrations. Make sure that @sentry/profiling-node is imported after @sentry/tracing.
```
